Fix #12454: DatePicker increase default year range to 2000 (#12459)
primefaces/primefaces: docs/14_0_0/components/datepicker.md

| weekCalculator | false | Boolean | A javascript function that is used to calculate the week number. Uses internal implementation on default when start of week is monday, sunday or saturday.
| widgetVar | null | String | Name of the client side widget.
| yearNavigator | false | Boolean | Whether the year should be rendered as an input number instead of text.

> | yearRange | null | String | The range of years displayed in the year input in (nnnn:nnnn) format such as (1974:2020). Default value is "displayed_date - 1000 : displayed_date + 1000".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| yearRange | null | String | The range of years allowed in the year input in (nnnn:nnnn) format such as (1974:2020). Default value is "displayed_date - 1000 : displayed_date + 1000".
```

> | yearRange | null | String | The range of years displayed in the year drop-down in (nnnn:nnnn) format such as (1974:2020). Default value is "displayed_date - 1000 : displayed_date + 1000".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| yearRange | null | String | The range of years displayed in the year input in (nnnn:nnnn) format such as (1974:2020). Default value is "displayed_date - 1000 : displayed_date + 1000".
```
